Feature: filter events before sending (#17)
grafana/grafana-javascript-agent: packages/core/README.md

The agent requires a configuration parameter.

| Property                | Description                                                             | Type                                       | Optional | Default Value  |
| ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ | -------- | -------------- |
| `app`                   | Application metadata                                                    | `App`                                      | Y        | `undefined`    |

> | `beforeSend`            | Hook to modify or discard an event before it is sent over the wire      | `(TransportItem) => TransportItem \| null` | Y        | `undefined`    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `beforeSend`            | Hook to modify or discard an event before it is sent over the wire      | `BeforeSendHook` | Y        | `undefined`    |
```

| `globalObjectKey`       | String that should be used when defining the agent on the global object | `string`                                   | Y        | `grafanaAgent` |

> | `ignoreErrors`          | Error message patterns for errors that should be ignored                | `Array<string \| RegExp>`                  | Y        | `[]`           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ignoreErrors`          | Error message patterns for errors that should be ignored                | `Patterns`                  | Y        | `[]`           |
```

Author: Hm, not sure about aliasing such simple types.. Where do we define them then? below the table?

Reviewer: We can point to the definition in the code using a link 🙂

Author: ok, makes sense
- [ ] point to type in code

Author: I changed the type, but we'll have to link in a separate PR. This code is not in main yet

Reviewer: 👍

| Property                | Description                                                             | Type                | Optional | Default Value  |
| ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- | -------- | -------------- |
| `app`                   | Application metadata                                                    | `App`               | Y        | `undefined`    |

> | `beforeSend`            | Hook to modify or discard an event before it is sent over the wire      | `BeforeSendHook`    | Y        | `undefined`    |

Author: I'll update description
- [ ] update description

> | `beforeSend`            | Hook to modify or discard an event before it is sent over the wire      | `BeforeSendHook`    | Y        | `undefined`    |

Author: reworded description. I'd like to keep event name. It's modeled after other comparable libs, and imho makes sense to name it after event trigger rather than use cases
